[docs] Rewording CDC documentation (#12533)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: architecture/design/docdb-change-data-capture.md

### Microservice-oriented architectures

There are some microservices that require a stream of changes to the data. For example, a search system powered by a service such as [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/) may be used in conjunction with the database which stores the transactions. The search system requires a stream of changes made to the data in YugabyteDB.

### Asynchronous replication to remote systems

Remote systems such as caches and analytics pipelines may subscribe to the stream of changes, transform them and consume these changes.

### Two datacenter deployments

Two datacenter deployments in YugabyteDB leverage change data capture at the core.

> Note that in this design, the terms "datacenter", "cluster" and "universe" will be used interchangeably. We assume here that each YB universe is deployed in a single datacenter.

## Setting up CDC

> To set up CDC we use the CDC Streams, the commands for which can be found under [yb-admin](../../docs/content/preview/admin/yb-admin.md#change-data-capture-cdc-commands).

Reviewer: Same comment as below... these should be absolute links to the docs site. Also omit the .md, add trailing slash.

}
```

> For a list of complete parameters that can be configured see [Debezium Connector for YugabyteDB](../../docs/content/preview/integrations/cdc/debezium.md).

Reviewer: Should point to the docs site rather than the source file. (Also, verify the links after changing...)

```suggestion
For a list of complete parameters that can be configured see [Debezium Connector for YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/integrations/cdc/debezium/).
```
